Modify S2083&S6096(Education): Add Partial Path Traversal to pitfalls (#1243)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6096/common/pitfalls/partial-path-traversal.adoc

==== Partial Path Traversal

> When checking untrusted folders by comparing them to trusted folder names,

Author: ```suggestion
When validating untrusted paths by checking if they start with a trusted folder name,
```

**ensure the validation strings all contain a path separator as the last
character**. +
A partial path traversal vulnerability can be unintentionally introduced into
the application without a path separator as the last character of the
validation strings.

> 

Reviewer: Please check the suggested changes for S2083.

Author: Here is my answer for S2083:

> About your suggestion:
>
>*    I used the word "folders" because I realized that this partial path traversal attack was only relevant when the validation path was a folder. If it was something else, the validation would have been different
>*    I think that "a path separator as the last character of the validation strings." (initial text) is clearer than "due to misuse of the validator method." because it clearly states how the vulnerability can be introduced

Author: done in https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/1243/files#r970867998
